This right here is a runner's lunge.
Wrong. This is actually the solution to
five problems that you have. One, it's
not going to magically fix your back
pain. But since your hip flexors attach
in your lower back, go through your
pelvis and attach somewhere over here.
Doing some stretching or strengthening
is going to help it.
I keep eating my hair. Anyway, length is
good just like this. But strength and
length using the muscle is even better.
Number two, when you run, the easier it
is to get your leg out behind you, the
easier it is to transmit power through
the ground. Sprinters are some of the
stiffest people I know, but they'd be
even faster if they just could fix this
issue right here.
Three, you sit lots. This is opposite of
sits. Offset sit time. Good. Four, you
don't really think about it, but your
hip flexors are actually the most
important muscle group when it comes to
a back bend. And this is coming from a
guy who has spinal arthritis. These
really flexible hip flexors genuinely
make that move possible for me despite a
terrible neck and a terrible spine. And
number five, believe it or not, oh, this
genuinely really helps with digestion,
too. Anyway,